docs-only initial docs for multiple ldap servers (#1143)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/authentication/ldap.md

!!! warning
    Authentication will fail if the groups (the distinguished names) do not exist in the LDAP directory.

> ## Multiple LDAP Server Support
> Multiple Server is supported in `django-auth-ldap`. The features [documentation](https://django-auth-ldap.readthedocs.io/en/latest/multiconfig.html).
> 
> In order to load the custom backends into Nautobot a plugin can be used, this plugin will allow the backends to be loaded into the Django settings for use within the `nautobot_config.py` file.  At the simplest form the plugin should have custom backends defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Multiple LDAP Server Support

Multiple servers can be supported in `django-auth-ldap` by the use of additional LDAP backends, as described in the library's [documentation](https://django-auth-ldap.readthedocs.io/en/latest/multiconfig.html).

In order to define and load additional backends into Nautobot a plugin can be used. This plugin will allow the backend(s) to be loaded into the Django settings for use within the `nautobot_config.py` file.  At the simplest form the plugin should have a custom backend(s) defined:
```

```python
# my_customer_backends.py

from django_auth_ldap.backend import LDAPBackend

class LDAPBackendSecondary(LDAPBackend):
    settings_prefix = "AUTH_LDAP_SECONDARY_"
```

> Assume the plugin is name `nautobot_ldap_plugin`.  The following snippet could be used to load the additional LDAP backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the plugin is named `nautobot_ldap_plugin`, the following snippet could be used to load the additional LDAP backend:
```

```python
# nautobot_config.py

AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS = [
    'django_auth_ldap.backend.LDAPBackend',
    'nautobot_ldap_plugin.my_customer_backends.LDAPBackendSecondary',  # path to the custom LDAP Backend
    'nautobot.core.authentication.ObjectPermissionBackend',
]
```

Once the custom backend is loaded into the settings all the configuration items mentioned previously need to be completed for each server.  As a simplified example defining the URIs would be accomplished by the following two lines in the `nautobot_config.py` file.  A similar approach would be done to define the rest of the settings.

> ```python

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```python
# nautobot_config.py

````

# Server URI which uses django_auth_ldap.backend.LDAPBackend
AUTH_LDAP_SERVER_URI = "ldap://ad.example.com"

> # Server URI which uses nautobot_ldap_plugin.my_customer_backends.LDAPBackend1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Server URI which uses nautobot_ldap_plugin.my_customer_backends.LDAPBackendSecondary
```
